README.adoc, before:

# A sample demonstrating Micrometer with Prometheus and Grafana


= Using Docker

First create the image for the app using: 

[source, bash]
----
./gradlew createDockerImage
----

and then

[source, bash]
----
docker-compose up
----

A helper UI to send sample requests to the app will be available at http://<dockerip>:8080/index.html

Graphana at http://<dockerip>:3000 and login with admin/admin credentials
and Prometheus at http://<dockerip>:9090


= Without Docker

== Sample Service App
[source, bash]
----
./gradlew -p applications/sample-service-app clean bootRun
----

= Testing
Assuming that https://httpie.org/[httpie] is installed

[source, bash]
----
http POST 'http://localhost:8080/messages' id="1" payload="one"   delay="1000"
----

OR with CURL

[source, bash]
----
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8080/messages" \
     -H "Accept: application/json" \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d $'{
  "id": "1",
  "payload": "one",
  "delay": "1000"
}'
----

= Generating load

A gatling based load can be sent to the app using:  
[source, bash]
----
./gradlew -p applications/load-scripts  -DTARGET_URL=http://localhost:8080 gatlingRun
----

Commit message:

Uses jib for creating docker images

README.adoc, after:

# A sample demonstrating Micrometer with Prometheus and Grafana


= Using Docker

First create the image for the app using. This uses the https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib[Jib gradle plugin]: 

[source, bash]
----
./gradlew jibDockerBuild
----

and then

[source, bash]
----
docker-compose up
----

A helper UI to send sample requests to the app will be available at http://<dockerip>:8080/index.html

Graphana at http://<dockerip>:3000 and login with admin/admin credentials
and Prometheus at http://<dockerip>:9090


= Without Docker

== Sample Service App
[source, bash]
----
./gradlew -p applications/sample-service-app clean bootRun
----

= Testing
Assuming that https://httpie.org/[httpie] is installed

[source, bash]
----
http POST 'http://localhost:8080/messages' id="1" payload="one"   delay="1000"
----

OR with CURL

[source, bash]
----
curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8080/messages" \
     -H "Accept: application/json" \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d $'{
  "id": "1",
  "payload": "one",
  "delay": "1000"
}'
----

= Generating load

A gatling based load can be sent to the app using:  
[source, bash]
----
./gradlew -p applications/load-scripts  -DTARGET_URL=http://localhost:8080 gatlingRun
----
